Don't worry.
I'll be out of the clink
before you can boil an egg.
We just reinstated
the death penalty here.
I would like to cooperate
with you boys.
Help out anyway that I can.
My client's innocent.
You got a theory
about how those two bodies
ended up in there?
What. buried themselves?
-How many?
-Hey. Hey.
How many are down there?
Maybe I should draw you a map.
detective.
-Oh. for Christ's sake.
-Would that be helpful?
So under the house...
in the garage.
Is there any place else
we should be looking. John?
There are more.
You gotta drive though.
Patti.
the police found boys bodies
in the man's house
in Norwood Park.
See. there's really four Gacys.
There's John the Contractor.
John the Politician.
John the Clown.
And then there's the other guy.
Jack does evil things.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
He still got
the fuckin' rope
tied around his neck.
-Oh. Hey.
-Go. go. go. Go...
...go. go. Come on.
It's fuckin' cold
and kinda hot at the same time.
Our faces are in this shit.
we're this fuckin' close.
it's just...
we're doing our best.
Rip it up.
Rip it the fuck up.
Give yourself
some breathing room.
Would that help?
Full name?
John Wayne Gacy. Jr.
How do you spell that?
Gacy. G-A...
-Excuse me.
-I'm sorry?
G-A-C-E-Y.
How old is he?
And is he cooperating?
Uh. he's 36 years old.
And yes. Gacy is cooperating.
Where is Mr. Gacy now?
Uh.
Gacy currently is being housed
in the Des Plaines station.
He will be transferred
to Cook County Jail
upon arraignment.
How'd you figure out
where the bodies were buried?
We received information
during the course
of our investigation
that led to a crawlspace.
Do you have any idea
how many victims are down there?
No. no.
I can't. um.
comment on how many bodies...
we have found.
I would have to ask
for the public's patience
and their assistance.
Medical and dental records
will be required
to identify the deceased.
And if you have any information
pertaining to the disappearance
of a teenage
or young adult male
in this region.
please use the hotline
that we have established.
And the address to the house
where the bodies were found?
8213 West Summerdale.
Lieutenant. do you feel
you've at least solved
for the disappearance
of the Piest boy?
No. No. I cannot say that.
Thanks.
His fever broke.
Oh. thank God.
Whole news van
and everything.
I told him
he had the wrong house.
The Amirante
he wants is a third cousin
who lives out by Midway.
You done good. kid.
Phone's ringing non-stop.
all night.
Tribune. Sun Times.
New York Times.
Yeah.
Well. they're mushrooms.
Just. you know. keep 'em
in the dark. feed 'em shit.
Uh-hmm.
I really hate this suit.
So do I.
That's not what's bothering you.
What he did.
The things he did.
To those kids.
He's confessed to it twice now.
Even drew the cops a map.
where he put 'em.
Built Kunkle's
whole fucking case for him.
Not even a chance
to plead it out.
It's just...
so sick. He's sick.
So walk away.
I mean. you said it yourself.
The press. it's gonna be huge.
National. I mean.
international. maybe.
You know.
most lawyers
go their whole careers
chasing cases like this.
All I had to do is
pick up the fuckin' phone.
You know. I. uh.
kind of feel like the Chihuahua
that caught the damn bus.
I. I don't know
what you wanna hear right now.
Just tell me what you think.
I think... I know you.
It's gonna be your everything.
Twenty-four seven.
If this man is as sick
as you say he is.
maybe this isn't the one. Right?
Give it to somebody else.
It's too early to tell.
Here's one thing I know.
Is that Kunkle is drowning me
in filings and motions. so.
And I gotta find
someone to help me out.
Yeah.
-I love you.
-I love you. too.
See you tonight.
Well. case of a lifetime
just fell into my lap.
Oh. so you've heard?
Okay. Well. well then. how...
How'd you like to be
my co-counsel?
Yeah. No. he did.
He. he says he did it. Yeah.
But. you know.
since when does that stop us
from mounting
a decent defense for a man?
All right. Take care.
Tom? It's Sam.
Amira... Sam Amirante.
that's right.
That's right.
How are the... I am.
And a big case
needs a big defense.
which is exactly
why you're the first person
I'm calling to... Morning. Fred.
Good morning. indeed.
Jerry.
I'm. I'm gonna
just be honest with you.
I'm having
a real hard time here.
Yeah.
Listen. do you still do
criminal defense?
Mornin'. Al.
Is this not Fred? Fred Burnson.
No?
Here's a much more
polite way to say it. okay?
Yeah. thanks. And fuck you!
Fuck you and good luck
on whatever it is the fuck
you're doing!
Fuck you. prick.
He was pulled
from the Des Plaines River
two days ago.
It's not Rob Piest.
No. He was. however.
found just west of where
another John Doe...
floated six weeks ago.
Downstream from the I-55 bridge.
Both displayed signs of
strangulation. sexual assault.
Bodies were only
under for a few days
so we might find prints.
Unlike our boys from Summerdale.
Now. with remains in this state.
there are limits
to what we can learn.
The ridges of the symphysis
pubis suggest this boy
was 15 to 17 years old.
How long he's been dead?
Tough to determine
due to decomposition
aided by the presence of lime.
Gacy came clean last night.
You're lookin' at two dozen
new victims coming in here.
Dr. Stein?
Something's lodged back here.
What is that?
It's his underwear.
Fight. fight. fight.
Get off. Get off him. Samuel!
Come on!
The hell you think you're doin'?
Nothin'.
Get your ass over there.
You okay. boy?
-What the hell are you thinkin'?
-Nothin'.
-Answer me.
-Nothing!
You wanna sit on your ass again.
don't you dare say that word
one more time.
We were just fightin'.
that's all.
He's making a name for himself.
Shut up!
Don't talk to your sister
like that.
What kinda name. huh?
Don't want nobody
messin' with him.
You hear anybody talkin' to you?
That true?
You want everybody to think
you're the toughest boy
on this block?
Well. that's not the kind of son
I'm bringin' up.
You will march your tough ass
over to that boy
and make it right.
-No.
You're mistakin' this
for a conversation.
I got two jobs.
One's at the plant.
another's to raise
good boys and girls.
Keep you away from those gangs.
outta jail. standin' upright.
Somethin' else to say?
Then go. Make it right.
Don't come into my house.
don't sleep in one of my beds.
don't eat my food until you do.
All right. let's go.
Come on. Let's go.
I'm sorry you had to take time
out of your days
to come down here.
I know it's. uh.
it's inconvenient.
This must be a mistake.
Just a mistake.
The only mistake was
bringin' me into this world.
Stop it.
I won't hear talk like that.
Ma. the only way to help John
now is to face the facts.
There are other forces
working against him. Karen.
They tried before.
But they won't leave you alone.
What forces?
Who is it this time?
Whose fault is it?
In. in Iowa. the Republicans
were out to get him.
Before that. it was a swing
hit him in the head. knocked...
Don't upset your brother.
His heart...
No. Ma.
It is my fault.
And Pop was right
about me all along.
I'm just dumb and stupid.
Your father loved you.
He. he just had
his own way of showing it.
I knew you were different.
Even as a little boy.
I'm sorry I wasn't
a better mother to you.
No. no. Come on. Ma.
Don't say that.
You're a great ma.
No. I. I.
I should've protected you.
-No. I made everything...
-This is my fault.
I made everything
hard for you.
-I mean. he wasn't...
-You didn't deserve me as a son.
You didn't ask to be like this.
You were a good boy.
A sweet. sweet boy.
How many boys did you murder?
John wasn't arrested
'cause Dad beat on all of us.
He wasn't arrested because
he had sex with some teenage...
I didn't have sex with him.
He was arrested because he...
So many...
If you have nothing
nice to say. you could leave.
You always took
such good care of everybody.
especially me.
Really?
So hardworking. so dependable.
I guess that it's true.
You. you didn't do this.
Not like they said.
I can't believe it.
I won't believe it.
I'm going to stand up for you.
And we'll ask
the Blessed Mother too.
Is this Grandma's rosary?
Christ too suffered and died
to cleanse our sins.
You and I. we are forgiven.
Blameless before the Lord.
Never forget that.
Our Father who art in heaven.
hallowed be Thy name.
Thy kingdom come.
Thy will be done on earth
as it is in heaven.
Hi.
I'm sorry about that.
No. I think I just...
I just didn't expect you to come
walking into the bank.
They haven't
given you an update?
Searching
both sides of the river.
but nobody knows
how long it'll take.
Do you know how many there are.
in that house?
They just said bodies.
We've waited
two years to find Johnny.
Now it seems like the hardest
part may be getting an answer.
Do you know why your son...
Why this would've
happened to him?
I don't understand
what you're asking.
Rob wanted a job.
that's why he was with this man.
I'm just looking
for a connection. a reason.
Will there ever be
a good enough reason?
We haven't heard from
Johnny in a couple of days.
We went to his apartment.
His TV was missing.
car. everything else.
Every stitch of clothing
was there.
And his taxes
were in his bedroom.
signed. sealed.
Two days?
-I'm sorry?
-He was missing for two days
before you looked for him?
I wouldn't let Robbie
out of my sight for two hours.
He was out of your sight
long enough.
And Rob was how old?
-Fifteen.
-Johnny was 19. an adult.
-I didn't mean any...
-It's okay.
-Everybody's tired.
-Let's calm down.
Why didn't the police
do anything for you?
Detective Kozenczak. he...
It took him some time to get
started but he's been there.
You'd have to ask
the Chicago PD.
They said
he ran off to California.
Hmm.
Sent that conclusion
in a letter.
Oh.
You tell me.
Who runs off to California
without saying goodbye.
without money or clothes?
He would've said goodbye.
I don't understand.
What is it?
It's like a giant bug
or somethin'. you know.
You eat giant bugs?
Look. I never had no lobster.
Randy.
I'm just saying. crayfish
are like little lobsters
and lobsters
are like giant ocean bugs.
Man. that's weird.
Good with butter.
Good with butter?
You're saying giant ocean bugs
-are good with butter?
-Shut the fuck up. Randy.
Yes. they are.
That's what I've heard.
-What the fuck?
-How about you try them first
and then you could say that?
Always judging.
You miss it?
Kentucky?
Nah. I like it plenty here.
We get to burn things.
run on roofs.
look in windows.
see titties and things.
Yeah. I guess you're right.
Won't be doing much of that
with school startin'.
-Stop. stop! Calm down!
-Jesus.
I mean. skip it. Shit.
Maybe you. not me.
That's right.
'cause you're an A student.
Yeah. fuck you.
Let's go huntin'.
No. man. I can't.
Pop will whoop me.
Yeah. at least somebody can.
Yeah? Your ma will do
worse to you.
Fuck. Shit.
Hey.
Knock. knock.
Who's there?
What?
You don't have a funny bone
in your body. do you?
Jesus.
So we gotta lead
on a psychiatrist.
We're gonna set an eval
for after the arraignment.
There is also the matter
of my co-counsel.
We're gonna need
a real nuts-and-bolts guy
to keep shovelin' off the shit
Kunkle throws our way.
We're talking
thousands of dollars
and my retainer's
already gone. so...
Yeah. Just get Cram on it.
Cram? Who's that.
your accountant?
Employee. Last I checked.
we got about a dozen
invoices outstanding.
Plenty to cover you.
Wait. wait. Invoices.
John. by the end of the week.
you're gonna be indicted
for multiple murders.
Those will not get paid.
As soon as we post bond.
I'll go around.
explain. collect.
make everybody flush.
And. my ma needs me. Sam.
I gotta get home for her.
John. you're not making bond.
You're never gonna
see the light of day...
...ever again.
You sealed your fate.
as your judge. jury.
and executioner. remember that?
Remember that?
-Yeah.
But there is one thing I can do.
which is keep you alive
before your trial.
Cermak Hospital.
that's our shot.
-The Cuckoo's Nest? No.
-The psychiatric ward.
And I get one swing
at convincing our judge
that's where you belong.
I belong out on bond.
You'll be lucky to escape
Cook County lockup.
Do you know what they do
to guys like you in there?
Eh. I've been in jail before.
Not like this. you haven't.
John. I'm trying to help you.
I need you to work with me here.
okay?
Did I make a mistake. Sam?
'Cause I have other options.
Okay. John. Okay.
Who are your options?
F. Lee Bailey.
Come on.
F. Lee Bailey?
I'm a businessman. Sam.
And I got work
that needs finishin'.
It's your business to get me
back out there.
That's just what
you're gonna do.
End of story.
Goddamn cops!
I fucking told you!
Worthless. lazy. all of you!
My boy! My boy is in there!
Mr. Butkovich? Detective Tovar.
You and I
spoke on the phone earlier.
My boy worked here for him.
They were friends.
Uh. too much friends.
Sir. let's.
let's go for a walk. okay?
He came here to collect check.
I told cops. I came here myself.
I looked him in the eyes
and I asked where was my boy
and I knew. I knew he lies!
I told cops. You did nothing!
Where is he?
Where is my boy?
Is that him?
That's him. Just. just tell me.
I'm sorry.
Three years you had to stop him.
Three years.
Where is he?
Why won't you help me?
Why won't you listen?
Police are for protection.
not eviction.
What a waste of time.
Fightin's never a waste of time.
Not what you said before.
You see me throwin' punches.
wise ass? Usin' words.
Yeah. Well. your words
ain't gettin' us hot water.
Ain't lowerin' rent
or killin' rats.
Ain't stoppin' those cops.
Yeah. Well.
sittin' doin' nothin'
and dyin' ain't no choice.
It's all we got.
Proud of you.
Why?
Am I that much of a monster?
I yell at you
when you deserve it.
Tell you do right
when you do right.
That pizza job you got is right.
I can't do it
the rest of my life.
Ah. rest of your life.
You're 13. It's a start.
Let's go.
Bus will be here soon.
I promised Juanita
I'd play with. uh. Crystal.
Love you.
Yeah.
Is that a dog chain?
So?
Take it off.
Well. Crystal likes it.
No. she can't talk enough
to tell you you look dumb.
I told you.
He thinks it's cool.
What are you talking?
And it's welded.
Ain't going nowhere. you shoddy.
You fuckin' Hillbilly.
You talkin'
to the Harrison Gents?
I'm not talkin' to them.
Where'd you hear that?
Did you tell her that?
Sisters hear shit.
If you join 'em.
if the cops or the Latin Kings
or some other gang
don't get you first.
mom and pop are gonna kill you.
I'm not joinin' shit.
They don't take no nicely.
Fuck 'em.
Yeah. Be peelin' you
off the sidewalk.
I gotta go.
Hey. come by next week?
I need a hand with Crystal.
I'm workin' a double.
I'll make sure ma
let's you stay the night.
Of course.
Say bye.
Your Honor. my client
has been a model citizen
since his arrest.
He was a model citizen
before his arrest.
In fact. you'd be hard-pressed
to find a man in this county
who has worked harder to promote
a sense of pride amongst
Chicago's Polish community.
Now. John Wayne Gacy
is innocent until proven guilty.
But today. he is proudly
guilty of one thing.
His belief in democracy.
Just ask our local Democrats.
This man
was their secret weapon.
their number one
precinct captain.
year after year.
Just ask Illinois'
Attorney General.
who considers John a friend.
Ask America's First Lady.
Now. the media has
made a meal of this photograph
taken just this spring.
But step back a moment.
What does this image tell you?
It tells you
that the Secret Service
did not consider John a danger.
Your Honor. the Secret Service's
egregious lapse in judgment
is not germane...
It speaks volumes
to my client's character
and his intentions.
Wouldn't a man accused of
what he's being accused of
flee at the very first
sight of surveillance?
Do you know what John did?
He bought those policemen
a round of beer.
Invited them into his home.
cooked them dinner.
I mean. come on.
John Gacy
is a pillar of this community.
And as such. should be
treated with the respect
and dignity that a citizen
of his stature has earned.
Bond denied.
Any other motions?
No. Your Honor.
Yes. Your Honor.
I have one additional
motion to file.
There's
a petition to remand my client
to the psychiatric auspices
of Cermak Hospital.
There you go.
As Your Honor knows.
Mr. Gacy's not been
charged at this time
-with a capital offense.
-Yeah.
I'd remind the court
that he has been charged
with one count
with the murder of one person.
Robert Piest.
It is not a formal indictment.
No body has been identified.
For all we know.
Robert Piest may be alive.
Your Honor.
the defendant's motion.
having just been served
upon the state.
well. we would ask more time
to respond to it in writing.
Your Honor. Mr. Gacy
will remain incarcerated.
I think in his best interest
considering the perspectives
of the public.
All we ask is that he be
held in emergency custody
for psychiatric evaluation
for the duration of the trial.
The Court agrees.
If there are no further motions.
court's dismissed.
Sam.
Sam. what's happening?
This isn't...
I just saved you from getting
shivved in the shower.
That's what's happening.
Now please. shut up.
go with these men.
and be the best damn patient
Cuckoo's Nest has ever seen.
Got it?
Lotta real estate
at that table.
I can get you a smaller one.
if it's just you.
No. thanks.
I got a team coming together
that's gonna knock your ass
right off your Harley.
Oh. you're givin' me the vapors.
Precisely what your whole
house is built on. Vapor.
We're talking irreparable harm.
loss of liberty.
deprivation of rights
under the Fourth and Fourteenth.
-And Fifth.
-Yeah.
Hey. I appreciate you.
and your vigor.
Nobody gives a shit anymore
about warrants. Sam.
-Yeah. Okay.
-Okay?
All right.
they're pulling bodies
out of that crawlspace
like weeds.
And I'm gonna name 'em.
All of 'em.
Then I'm gonna pin their faces
up for everybody to see
and you are gonna lose.
And you know it.
This shouldn't be
your first case.
It's not my first case.
you fuck.
You know what I meant.
Hey. Sam...
Hey. there.
There he is.
Do you feel any remorse?
Are you innocent?
Amirante!
How many boys did Gacy kill?
My client is presumed innocent
until proven guilty.
Is it true
he slept with their bodies
before burying?
-Excuse me.
I cannot comment on
any allegations about my client.
How can you defend
such a monster?
The. the Sixth Amendment
guarantees every citizen
a right to a fair
and speedy trial.
That includes John Gacy.
That's a right I fought for
as a Marine.
A right I'd die for.
Just as I'd die
for your right to ask inane.
inflammatory questions.
John Gacy
will have his day in court.
John Gacy will stand trial
before his peers.
And I will defend that man.
my client.
until the last drop of my blood.
This is America.
Hundreds of calls
from the hotline already.
We even got one from London.
England.
I was at the house.
And I had an encounter
with Marko Butkovich.
Father of the boy in the garage.
The stuff he was saying.
man. it's just...
It didn't sit right with me.
Look. Iowa releases Gacy on
parole almost nine years early.
but there's no record of him
anywhere in Chicago PD's logs.
There's a "John Gary."
A typo?
Are you shitting me?
Gacy's company payroll.
Cross reference that
with the Missing Persons Reports
from the last five years.
I come up with two hits.
John Butkovich
and Gregory Godzik.
missing since 1976.
This is his file.
Godzik's mother claims
that he was last seen
with his employer.
John W. Gacy.
Rosemarie Szyc.
Marko Butkovich. Now this.
Parents
reported the boys missing.
CPD kept doin' nothin'.
Oh. fuck me.
If he hadn't been released
early from Iowa.
his release date
was December 11th of 1978.
-The night Rob Piest disappears.
-Uh-hmm.
None of these boys had to die.
Where the hell you been?
Get your ass over here.
You know how late it is?
Yeah.
Sorry.
What the hell is wrong with you?
Who did this to you?
You tell me right now.
Samuel Stapleton.
or I'll make it
a shitload worse.
What do you want me to do
about it?
Look at what they did to him.
My understanding is your son
threatened them.
That's right. He did.
After they picked him up
for no reason
on his way back from work.
Drove him to the lakefront.
beat him with their fists
and clubs
and shaved his head.
So. yes. that's right.
My boy told them
to take off the cuffs.
make it a fair fight.
You're acting
like he's a altar boy.
You and I both know he's not.
Could nail him for vandalism.
breaking and entering.
loitering. delinquency.
Truth is we know
he's been caught up
with the Latin Kings
and the Gents.
My men picked him up
because of his gang affiliation.
-That's bullshit.
-Shut your mouth. boy.
You may not know me.
but let me tell you. I am loud.
I don't get tired
and I don't get afraid.
not of those gangs or of you.
I don't know
which one of yo use is worse.
Either those cops of yours
are gone in 30 days
or I start screaming and
I don't stop until you're gone.
Now. I'm not stupid
enough to think I'll win.
but God as my witness.
I'll make your life miserable.
What's going on?
Just got a little. uh.
pool going is all.
On what?
How many kids
you think are in here?
What's your over/under?
Uh. right now. the low's
at five. high is twenty-four.
Only one way to find out.
Go do your fucking jobs.
Hey.
Found another one.
If what Gacy said is true.
he'll have killed the most
in U.S. history.
How do you know that?
I don't know. I know things.
Over there.
So who's ahead of him?
Some guy in California.
Uh. 25 is his number.
Stabbed them.
Hacked them to bits.
Buried them in a... in a orchard.
Apples or peaches or some shit.
What you doing for Christmas?
Peace on Earth.
Good will to men.
The boy and Helen.
-She off the clock?
-Yeah.
Oh. that's nice.
You got your...
You got your kids this year?
Nah. She's got them.
I got Easter.
Is that more work or less
than Christmas?
-What do you mean?
-You know.
being Santa or bunny hiding
all those goddamn eggs.
And now for an update on a case
that has riveted the nation.
the murders of John Wayne Gacy.
My kids stopped
believing in all that bullshit.
So we go to church.
maybe see a movie.
hand them back to her
until Flag Day.
Investigators tonight believe
that many. if not
most of Gacy's alleged victims
were either male prostitutes
or other homosexuals.
They came
looking for a good time
and got more than
they bargained for.
Did you hear that?
Yeah. I heard it.
Who gives a fuck?
Bunch of goddamn fairies.
Faggots brought it
on themselves.
Where you going?
Take a piss. a shit.
have a smoke.
Hey. Tovar.
This kid's got three hands.
There's two of them.
Must've buried them together.
Thirty days.
Suspended? Thought
your mom wanted them fired.
She says a win's a win.
And that. at least.
we got something out of the cop.
That's what she says.
They're gonna be pissed
and they're gonna come
after you.
Running your mouth like that.
getting them in trouble.
They're still getting paid.
It's like a vacation
where you make money.
Lucky bastards.
Fucking school
next week. man.
Still got classes together?
Nah. I don't think so.
Gonna see each other?
Yeah. Meeting in the hallways.
after school and shit.
How's the pizza gig?
It's all right. I guess.
I get free slices whenever.
You should come around.
Put in a word for me?
Yeah.
My dad's whooping me a lot.
Seems a job would be
a good excuse to get out
and maybe even make him happy.
You know.
I met a guy some time ago
and he does construction.
You know.
works on houses and shit.
Looking for kids
who are good with their hands.
To jerk him off with?
Jerk...
Today. we recovered two more
victims from the crawlspace.
Brings the total
number of bodies to five.
You think there's more in there?
How many more
bodies do you expect...
Hi. Merry Christmas.
-Hey. Merry Christmas.
-Merry Christmas. honey.
Thank you.
-Hi.
Smells good.
Came for you.
Telegram?
Somebody from the Gilded Age
want me dead?
-No. but your father kinda does.
-Yeah.
Not there.
Huh.
It's not about the car.
Of course. it is.
You love that car.
I'll fix it. Don't worry.
It's not.
It's about your reputation.
Mine or yours?
You could've done anything.
Yeah. Could've been
a broken record like you.
Yeah.
Here. It's Christmas.
Salud.
The card says.
-"Sam L. Amirante Esquire."
-Oh. boy. Wow.
-Hmm. What could it be?
-What could it be? Whoa.
Now. I have two whole suits.
You're spoiling me rotten.
-You're already rotten.
Thank you.
Hey. Sammy.
-Sammy. look.
-Check out dad's new duds.
Hey. I thought
we agreed to not give him that.
Blame Santa. He got it for him.
These things
they're saying about you.
hmm. they're not right.
Pop. relax. okay?
Bob Motta's telegram
made it very clear
that he's coming aboard.
That means we're gonna
divide the ruin evenly. 50/50.
Why'd he say yes?
Saw my speech
on the evening news.
Knocked his socks off.
Said he had to be a part of it.
It was a good speech. right?
I haven't seen it.
Gonna get a fresh one.
Oh. yeah. I know.
It was a big surprise...
And how do you
know this fella. this Bob?
I know him
from my first year as a P.D.
Salt of the earth. no nonsense.
He's gonna be a great
addition to the team.
Why you doing this?
I have to.
You want to.
Even if it puts
your life in danger?
-Stop.
-Even if it puts
your family's life in danger?
-Don't do that.
Drunk Uncle Tod. Perfect timing.
Hello.
Merry Christmas. Sam.
John?
Sure hope
I didn't ruin the holiday.
I heard about
your old man's car.
How'd you hear about that?
Oh. Some cops
were laughing about it.
Is he there? Can I speak to him?
Who?
Your dad.
Yeah. I don't think
that's a very good idea. John.
Oh. come on. Sam.
I just wanna say I'm sorry.
Mom would be ashamed of me
if I didn't do it personally.
Yeah. you know what?
Here he is.
Hey. pop.
John Gacy wants to talk to you.
-Hmm.
No.
He asked for you.
Hello?
Mr. Amirante.
It's John Gacy.
When I heard
about what happened. sir.
I just had to call. See...
I lost my own dad on Christmas.
Never could do right by him.
But he was my pop
and I loved him.
And Christmas hasn't
been the same since he's gone.
All right.
Uh. well. anyway...
I just had to say I'm sorry that
some jerks vandalized your car
just because
your son's my lawyer.
You know. there are
a lot of nuts out there.
He wasn't like that.
Not like what they're saying.
Like those other boys.
He wasn't like that.
-We know. mom.
He was kind and smart.
Liz.
He would have done something.
God. he would've done something.
I wanna say something.
Go ahead. Say it.
I wanna say it to them.
Why don't you sit down
and I'll make you a drink?
I have to tell them.
-Elizabeth. no.
-Mom.
I have to tell them
he's better than that.
He's. he's better than
what they're saying.
Goddamnit.
It's okay.
Let's go inside.
A Christmas miracle.
Thank you.
Hmm. Look at that.
Hmm.
You wanna pull up a chair?
Don't see how you did it.
Flabby. fat-headed creampuff.
Just a little magic.
I'll show ya.
Give me your hand.
You're the one
with the gun here.
I don't know
what you're afraid of.
I'm just a fat-headed creampuff.
remember?
Look.
That's all I got up my sleeve.
Scout's honor.
Now. I just need you to roll up
yours and make a fist.
There you go.
Okay.
Now. pretend that
your wrist is your neck.
I was a piss-poor Boy Scout.
Never got past Second Class.
I could build a fire
and push comes to shove.
but I was real good at knots.
Need your pen.
Your airway's cut off.
Struggling makes it worse.
You won't last
more than a minute.
Rope works better.
John Wayne Gacy. Jr. I'm sorry?
What's the spelling?
It's G-A-C-E-Y.
He's 36 years old.
Yes. Mr. Gacy is cooperating.
What's Gacy's address?
8213 West Summerdale.
Information we received. uh.
from our investigation.
from other witnesses
led us to the crawlspace.
Lieutenant.
do you feel in your own
professional opinion that you
solved the disappearance
of at least Piest boy?
No.
I couldn't say that right now.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm